[Music]
as soon as Phil and his team have landed
their first few Cod they're on the
hunter game I got to fish if all four of
us can get to fish every five minutes
for an hour
we've probably flattened the other team
we don't know how well they're doing yet
[Music]
Joe's team are still fishing on their
first spot none of us have been catching
anything
I've just seen them put the cod onto
their boat say currently we are losing I
don't like losing
it's like Wyatt I thought there'd be
more action kind of more frenzied and
more fish maybe it is because there's
not a lot of fish going on down under
right now if nothing's going on they
need to change their tactics and the
best way is to move
half an hour left and Joe's team have
stuck it out long enough
just turn the legs up now and so you can
move to the communication on the other
boat being constantly on the move and
jigging by hand is proving a winning
combination I've to keep a tight line
because it will slip the hood fill the
cars mr. gang
look at that beautiful piece I had
absolutely no idea how beautiful they
work as a team we're doing well I don't
know how well the other team are doing
but was it was certainly filling them up
now I've lost my lead at the bottom sir
a little bit of a pain having to read
rig has a sense of disaster right now
we've been to one fishing spot moved to
another lost a rig no fish what happens
now it looks like they're getting a bit
anxious what I had a word with our
captain and he saw some fish going on
tough stuff okay came straight off it
was on it was off I just felt that's
definitely definitely fish I think it's
time we move to a new location both
boats head off for one final push I've
got a sweat on it's hard work pumping
that walking down still probably about
ten minutes left so just got to keep
trying obviously we've had nothing
harbour boxes are empty and we're seeing
those guys were fish so it's a it's a
little bit of a problem at the moment
okay
we start out with myself as a fisherman
when you're not catching anything all
you can do is keep trying we believe
we're in the lead but we're not really
sure they could be thinking they're in
the lead so I finally took its time stay
the anticipation and the weight was
killing me
get in yep fish started using the bike
hard as well because I'm get a feeling
for fish Texas that's another one it's
got two on related with that I'm really
pleased about come on kick at the card
I think I must have drifted over the cut
area we all had some picture on borders
now so you never know who might go a few
more my shoulders are burning
I fit misled right at the bottom
smashing me to pieces
time's up lines out of the water please
okay everybody that takes lines out the
water
[Music]